# Introduction

## :trophy: A2.1 Learning Activity
Requirements specifications' documentation and IEEE830 standard.

### :blue_book: Instructions

* Based on the provided SRS IEEE830 standard documentation and template by the teacher, realize the fillment of every point refered in this documentos for the case study.

* Every activity or challenge must be realized using **Markdown style with .md extension** and VSCode development environment, it has to be as a **single page** document, which means if the document has images, links o another external document it must be accesed from tags and links, and must be named with the nomenclature **A2.1_ActivityName_StudentName_Team.pdf**

* As a requirement the .md file must contain a tag of the link to the repository of your Github document, for example a **Link to my GitHub**. At the end of the assignment, the .md file must be uploaded to github.

* From the **.md** file export a **.pdf**, that must be uploaded to classroom in the corresponding section, serving as evidence of turned in, since being the **official** platform here you will receive the activity's result.

* Considering that the .pdf file was obtained from the .md file, both must be identical.

* Your repository, besides containing a **readme**.md inside the root directory containing student's information, team, subject, career, teacher's information, and also a logo or pictures, must contain a section of contents or index, which are **links to your md documents**, try not to use text to indicate internal or external links.

* It's suggested to use a structure similar to the one indicated below, however, you can use any other structure that can help you organize your repository.

~~~
| readme.md
| | blog
| | | Cx.1_NombredelaActividad.md
| | | Ax.1_NombredelaActividad.md
| | diagrams
| | docs
| | html
| | img
| | pdf
~~~

## :pencil2: Development

:memo: [Documentation Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10H0zILwCvt6t5Uz-l4M9pW0ArvugpAy_k5GeISqq1SE/edit?usp=sharing "Documentation Link")

## :paperclip: Conclusions

### a) *Bañuelos Mendez Jordi's Conclusion*

This activity helped to compile the different specifications that we've been developing during the semester and structure them within a formal document. Said specifications involve the requirements requested by the client along with their description, graphic representation of the system capabilities, estimated budget, possible limitations, along other relevant aspects to be considered. Gathering all these elements together, in a well-planned way, suggests a precise and successful development of the project.

### b) *Castillo Medina Edgar Antonio's Conclusion*

The progress with all the documents we are realizing of the platform to develop, everything about it is clearer and easier to comprehend, aspects and functions like the users type or functional and non-functional requirements aren't just isolated ideas but parts of something bigger, this previously document state everything that is important in all the development process and also the way they interact with each other, even I could say that a real client could understand all the sections on the IEEE830 standard document.

### c) *Villanueva Romero Carlos Daladier's Conclusion*

Regarding the realized activity, I was able to understand the importance of the specification of the different aspects that relate to the development process, each of the parts must be specified in an adequate way and following the due standards such as that of the IEEE, in which different aspects of the project are explained so that it is more understandable and the reason for its development is explained.

### d) *Villegas Ramirez Luis Eduardo's Conclusion*

With the requirement specification we have managed to define more clearly the scope of the project and also the functions and actions that can be carried out in it, with their user roles and details of the main actions, the functions, requirements and interfaces are also recognized to have a clearer and deeper idea of everything that the project covers, defining each of the points to clearly and specifically leave everything that has to do with the environment of the system to be developed.
___

### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria | Description | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Is each one of the points indicated in the instructions section fulfilled? | 10 |
| Development | Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered? | 60 |
| Demostration | Is the student present during the explanation of the functionality of the activity? | 20 |
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members? | 10 |

:house: [Go to Home](https://github.com/edgarcastillo17/avscastillo "Github")