# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.1 Learning Activity
Project documentation using Scrum framework for initiate phase.

### :blue_book: Instructions

* Based on an investigation and the provided document by the teacher, realize the documentation for the project using scrum framework for the case study.

* The activity must be realized using a platform like **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and must be send in PDF style, named with the nomenclature **A3.1_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf**

* Your repository, besides containing a **readme**.md inside the root directory containing student's information, team, subject, career, teacher's information, and also a logo or pictures, must contain a section of contents or index.

## :pencil2: Development

1. Elaborate the vision declaration document, integrating a section for:
    - The business case, including introduction, objectives and scope, business modeling, requirements and restrictions, milestones list.
    - Identification of roles such as product owner, scrum master and stakeholder, the scrum team.
    - The project budget.

    :link: : [Scrum Initiate Phase: Project Vision Declaration](https://github.com/edgarcastillo17/avscastillo/blob/main/pdf/A3.1_Documentation_Scrum_InitiatePhase.pdf "Scrum Initiate Phase: Project Vision Declaration")

## :paperclip: Conclusions

### a) *Bañuelos Mendez Jordi's Conclusion*

Activities such as the one developed allow a better review of the elements with which we've been working so far: elements such as the scope, milestones, requirements, assignment of roles for each member of the team, methodologies and other expectations that have been implemented in the project so far. Likewise, completing this activity helps to document well the specifications or elements observed,  in a well structured way, and aligned with a real life project.

### b) *Castillo Medina Edgar Antonio's Conclusion*

Scrum is a framework which I've been familiarized since some years ago, but after doing this documentation I think that everything I knew about scrum was just a little of what it really is, there are concepts, parameters and attributes that applied to this project will be helpful in case we develop the platform, every detail that scrum defines in this (and any project) is to let clear everything that is related to every phase of the accomplishment of the project.

### c) *Villanueva Romero Carlos Daladier's Conclusion*

The explanation of the operation of a project is extremely important and we saw this reflected after the realization of this document, since the entire process that the development entails must be explained in detail, since this is done from the explanation of the requirements as well as the descriptions of the project and each role that the people involved in the development have, it is also necessary to express in a more detailed way the risks that will exist during the development of the project.

### d) *Villegas Ramirez Luis Eduardo's Conclusion*

Defining each of the parameters that must be considered for a project is very important, it is necessary to be clear and careful in what is reflected in the document since it is a guide both for the work team and for the client as well. It also helps to define the tasks to be carried out and make a detailed plan of the activities as well as recognize the costs and functions of the project since the scope, objective and other relevant aspects in the construction of the system are developed.

### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria | Description | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Is each one of the points indicated in the instructions section fulfilled? | 10 |
| Development | Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered? | 60 |
| Demostration | Is the student present during the explanation of the functionality of the activity? | 20 |
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members? | 10 |

:house: [Go to Home](https://github.com/edgarcastillo17/avscastillo "Github")